---
layout: post
title: About me
date: 2014-01-01
---

I chose Vireax for my online profile because this one is unique, rarely written in my native or other languages. Neoscribe is my pen name because I need some abstraction of my personality. I read blogs since 2006, but have never had chance to maintain a serious blog. The reason is that I don't have any reason to maintain a blog. I simply started tweaking Blogger's template, rewrote few layouts to catch up the current trends, moved to WordPress, installed some CMSs, tested Tumblr, and finally found myself here with Jekyll. Being not a hard core programmer, I just wanted to store my source code in a trusted revision control system. Although I cannot understand clearly the whole picture of this system, I'm ready to fail among elite developers and the open source community. 

Beside my major in engineering, I do enjoy hacking myself my learning few extra skills everyday, but not restricted to any clear schedule or goal in mind. I play guitar, slide, and blues; I draw flashcards with marker and carton for teaching children; I'm quite serious in football for more than ten years now, and also I do cycling, takraw, table tennis, and home-drill martial art. Native in Khmer, I use French and English in my education, with basic Malay and Thai for communication. My programming side has no focus to any specific language. I learned Pascal and Matlab under 24 hours during my undergrade, and self-taugh C++, C, PHP, JS, and Python as tool whenever I need for a project, never for the mastery of the language itself. Therefore, I don't really have any reliable skill in any language.

Many people may feel engineers are just socially akward. I'm going to prove to them that we are not only technically more intelligent than 84% of the population, but we do also care and are ready to solve any problem responsibly and effectively. I don't have any plan to take action any soon. It will depend on the crowd. Starting as a one man band, I'll write anything I feel it is the right thing to do as a member of the human race. However, it is unnecessary to acquire popularity by raising conflict or adding more troubles to the problems. I'll do all my best to tackle the problem from diffrent angles with suitable suggestion for solution. For the time being, I'm placing myself as advocate of wisdom. I believe that the society need more intellectual, not simply degree holders, to live in peace and harmony. 

Here are my disclaimers:

- This is not a promise. Do not trust me or anyone. Due to the theory of relativity, my though and action can always be infected by the surrounding.
- My word cannot always be true or correct. I'm not the creator of the law of the universe. I'm always open to any correction, along with acceptable fact and argument. 
- This is just a blog, which means not a record of my perfection, but a diary of my mistakes. For these written mistakes, I and also do readers, can avoid repeating any repeatation in the future. 
